The lost boy

"Where is he?"
The clinical white, walls of the hallway looked like a morgue as she spoke. Her mother's desperate panicked glances towards the end of the hallway were getting increasingly frequent. 
The manager's voice, stern though with a hint of the unctuous deportment of one working in customer service, echoed through the empty hallway. 
"It's unreasonable to expect a child under 16 to be responsible for her sibling in such a crowded area. Next time please don't leave the child's care to someone so young."

Daria hoped there was going to be a next time.

Fair, with a rather bulging waist, a formal black suit and a pair of loafers so polished Daria could see her face in it, he was the epitome of an experienced, ageing manager. Her expression, blurry on his shoes, revealed only a hint of the sudden flare of indignation muddled with the constant guilt of what had happened.

An hour ago, or was it longer now? She and her brother had been playfully chasing each other around the gigantic store, a huge venture, that spanned multiple floors.
They had escaped the store's bright, welcoming light and large expanses teeming with families and customers that gazed at the children's flashing streaks, as they rushed past, with obvious distaste. That they had gravitated to a darker, isolated alcove was no surprise. Precariously tall racks, whose shelves were overflowing with stock towered over them, their countless rows forming an enormous labyrinth and now the sibling's impetuous choice of a playground. 

That was where she had lost him.


"Where was he?" After what had seemed like an endless trudge through a haphazard arrangement of racks cloaked by the stifling gloom, his dark eyes stung. The bright glow hit his gaze already dry from his sobbing. Through the speaker, he could now hear, came a booming announcement whose efforts were dissipated by the constant din of the crowd.

"If you see an unaccompanied, 7-year-old boy, wearing a black sweater and beige pants with light-brown skin; please report him to the nearest employee or customer service desk."

His tears ran streaming again. There were people. He could see them! He had been so worried that he would never get out. Thank you, thank you, thank you. 
He dared a single glance back. Rows of racks. All he had needed to do was walk straight towards the light and he would have been out.  What... no forget it. Where was Mom? Where was Daria? Please, please... There - a help desk, an old man with a suit and the employees fastidiously scrutinising the crowd. Thank god. They had a phone; he knew Mom's number.

He started running.

Daria waited, after being told to leave the searching to the experienced staff, in the large seating area with soft luxurious chairs and piles of popular magazines for waiting customers to pass time. Passing time was the last thing she wanted. In those excruciatingly long moments, her desperation and imagination ran wild.
Why did he have to get lost? Couldn't he have just stayed with her? Why did they even decide to play that pointless game? Why had they found those miserable racks anyway? I hate... them.  Who was this feeling supposed to be directed at?

Her mom had left to look for her father.
Please, please find him before they come back, please.


She saw him at first, from behind. The back of his frizzled hair, the colour of roasted coffee beans, and those beige unisex trousers that had once been her own.

She started running.

The warm glow of the lights was at odds with her trembling voice. "Dorian, where were you? I was so worried. I thought..."
Whatever she had thought was immaterial. Daria looked up at the manager's face, tinged red after the truly gruelling journey of keeping up with a 7-year-old from the customer desk. 
Her gaze went down to the boy, staring at his eyes, a pale grey from another time.  

#Instead of warm brown, the icy shade stared back. The clothes were identical, down to the scuffed knee on the beige pants.

The harsh, white light snapped her into focus. 

Daria turned towards the manager.
"I'm sixteen."
"Where's the other boy? Where's my brother? Where's Dorian?"
"Where is he?"

# = bards insertion
